Set default policy server as orfinary resource and allow users to disable it (#65)
kubewarden/helm-charts: charts/kubewarden-controller/README.md

| `affinity`                         | `affinity` rules for the `kubewarden-controller` deployment                                                                 | `{}`                |
| `tls.source`                       | Source of the TLS cert for webhooks: `cert-manager-self-signed`, `cert-manager`                                          | `cert-manager-self-signed` |
| `tls.certManagerIssuerName`        | Name of cert-manager Issuer configured by user, when `tls.source` is `cert-manager`                                      | `cert-manager-self-signed` |
| `telemetry.enabled                 | Enable OpenTelemtry collector                                                                                            | `False` |
| `telemetry.metrics.port`           | Prometheus port to send metrics                                                                                          | `8080` |
| `telemetry.metrics.tracing.jaeger` | Jaeger endpoint to send traces                                                                                           |  ``|

> Check the `kubewarden-defaults` chart documentation to see the available Policy Server configuration.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
Check the `kubewarden-defaults` chart documentation to see the available PolicyServer configuration.
```

**Note well:** `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` resources are cluster-wide.

### Deploy your Policy Server

Before start deploying your `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` you need to have a Policy
Server running where the policy will be run. You can deploy one like this:

```bash
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
---
apiVersion: policies.kubewarden.io/v1alpha2
kind: PolicyServer
metadata:
  name: default
spec:
  image: ghcr.io/kubewarden/policy-server:v0.2.6
  replicas: 1

>   serviceAccountName: sa

Reviewer 2: user will get permission errors if serviceAccount `sa` doesn't exist or doesn't have enough permissions

Reviewer 2: I would leave the default `PolicyServer` see [here](https://github.com/kubewarden/helm-charts/pull/65#issuecomment-1058993873)
or document how to create the serviceAccount if we really want to remove the default `PolicyServer`

EOF
```

> **Note well**: The `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` is deployed in the `default` Policy Server.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
**Note well**: The `ClusterAdmissionPolicy` is deployed in the `default` PolicyServer.
```

Which is installed in the `kubewarden-defaults` chart. If you do not install

> the chart, you should deploy a Policy Server first. Check out the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the chart, you should deploy a PolicyServer first. Check out the
```

> the chart, you should deploy a Policy Server firts. Check out the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the chart, you should deploy a Policy Server first. Check out the
```
